improve contracts section for Tokens & NFTs (LSP7 + LSP8) (#1156)
lukso-network/docs: docs/standards/tokens/introduction.md

![Tokens & NFT Standards LSP4, LSP7 and LSP8](/img/standards/LUKSO-Tokens-NFT-Standards.jpeg)

## Random Notes taken from other places

> Their functions are simpler, more straight forward and unified.

Reviewer: I think it should be a single word 🤔 
```suggestion
Their functions are simpler, more straightforward and unified.
```
